#1 – *Be clear with the Objectives*
In a personal Interview, you must thoroughly do your homework with regards to interview objective. Your interviewer to relax you down will first ask you the regular questions and then will start with the main purpose. Your job is to make sure that you stay focused and try to answer every question with a good smile on your face. If you are not sure with the answer to the question they ask, then you can request them for another question. This will help to reduce your nervousness. You must know the purpose of the interview and should be prepared with all the questions related to the objective.

#2 – *Stay confident*
In a personal interview, Confidence is the most important thing to crack any interview. You need to make sure that you have an eye to eye contact with the interviewer. Fighting with the pen or shaking your hand or leg shows that you are nervous. This eventually creates a wrong impression of you. Hence, stay confident and make your personality so attractive that the interviewer would love talking to you. Confidence also helps you in capturing the attention. You must showcase your talent and skills confidently and should go with a viewpoint of simply portraying the skills to other people. If you stay nervous, you will lose everything.

#3 – *Give a Frank opinion*
An interviewer at times would want to know your opinion about the current trend. At such times, he expects you to be frank and not diplomatic. You must give your opinion about the trending situations and how can you try to stop it. Your points of taking action can definitely make the interview understand how proactive you are to take the actions and offer the solution that can give a lasting result. A frank behavior however must be in a controlled manner. Sometimes, an interview may not appreciate the negative remarks against certain issues. Hence, handle well while talking on the sensitive issues.

#4 – *Importance of communication skill*
In a personal interview, Communication is the prime reason for which many people fail to impress their respective interviewers. You must have a good technical and general knowledge while communicating. However, it is of no use if you lack in maintaining effective interpersonal skills. Communication should be simple and informative. It must allow the interviewer to understand how much knowledge and confidence you have to present yourself in front of other people. During your communication, you must be expressive. This will certainly dazzle out the interview and he would love to choose you for the next round.

#5 – *Inculcate different Skills in you*
You must inculcate and improvise the transferable and competency skills. Many people often do not understand how to prove their ability for the job. It is acceptable that you need a job. But the best part would be to convince the interviewer on how the job can benefit you. Competency skill means you have all those abilities that are much needed in the job profile where you are applying. Transferable skills are talent that you have other than job profile like personal activities or hobbies that may contribute to the service.

#6 – *Do your Homework*
Whether you are using these simple tricks to crack personal interview for your MBA or for some kind of job, you must prepare your basic questions that are likely to be asked. You must be ready to answer the questions that revolve around the career, ambition and life.
Suppose, for example, an interview in an MBA interview will ask questions like why you want to do MBA? How can joining this institute of MBA can help in your career? How much experience do you have that can help you in your MBA career?
Always be prepared with these questions so that the interviewer would feel like continuing the conversation with you further. Along with these questions, you must also have good academic knowledge as the interviewer may grill you with some of it. You must answer every question properly as there are high chances that the interviewer might cross-question you.

#7 – *Always be Honest about you*
In a personal interview, you are likely to be asked questions that would test your basic characteristics like honesty. You should answer every professional and personal question honestly. The responses that you make must be natural. Also, make up your mind about the arguments that may head up ahead if your interviewer is not satisfied with the answer. Remember, there is no right or wrong answer, it all depends on the how well you respond to each question. Do not bluff while answering any question. Instead of lying about the question that you don’t know, it is better to simply skip the question.

