=<:>=<:>=<:>= Daily Routine Of Working Girl =<:>=<:>=<:>=

My name is Nisha. I belong to Nagpur. I work in a software company. I usually wake up at 7 o’clock on weekdays. On weekends, I sleep until 9 AM. Once I wake up, I stay lying in bed for about 15 minutes before getting up. I don’t want to get out of bed and check my phone immediately. Finally, I get out of bed and go to the washroom. I take my toothbrush and brush my teeth, then take a shower. After that, I dry and comb my hair.

I have my breakfast around 8 AM and pack my lunch box. After breakfast, I put on some makeup and get ready for the office. I leave home by 8:50 AM. I walk for 5 minutes to the bus stop. I take the bus to work, pay the fare to the conductor, and take a receipt. I put on my earphones and listen to music or TED Talks on my phone. After five stops, I get off the bus and walk to my office by 9:30 AM.

I have a cup of coffee and read some headlines from the newspaper. Then I check my emails, file some papers, and make a phone call. I report to my boss in his cabin and receive dictations and instructions for further work. I work on my PC until 1:30 PM. Now it’s lunchtime. My colleagues and I gather at the dining table for lunch and share our food. We have a nice time chatting and making small talk. After half an hour, we get back to work.

At 4 o’clock, I prepare some documents for our client companies. Then, it's tea break time. I take a cup of tea or coffee with some light snacks. We work at the office until 6 PM. After leaving the office, I walk to the metro station and take a metro. After three stations, I get off and walk to the gym. I work out for half an hour. Once I finish my workout, I take a bus and return home.

At home, I sweep the room, collect the rubbish in a dustpan, and throw it into the dustbin. Then, I take a shower again and change into my night suit. I pray to God for five minutes and turn on the TV. I cook dinner while watching TV. Sometimes, I bring home a parcel or order food online. I watch some TV serials while having dinner.

After dinner, I relax for some time and then do the dishes. I prepare things for the next day, such as setting out my clothes and making some preparations for breakfast. I turn off the TV and go for a walk. I stroll with my neighborhood friends for 15 to 20 minutes around the colony. After I return home, I lock the door and watch another TV serial. Then, I set the alarm for the next day, brush my teeth, and go to bed. I get into bed and read a book. When I feel sleepy, I turn off the lights and sleep soundly until the next morning.
